So now we're going to divide this problem into four parts.
But before I go into the solution again the same request of Please do try to solve it refasten and run.
And this is relatively a simpler problem any further problem it is going to come is going to be much
more complex than this problem.
So I would strongly recommend all of you to please try to do it on your own first rather than up looking
at the solution.
And especially you should look at the data and it's not evil because if you're not clear on that you
tangentally you will not be able to understand what I'm going to explain you in this.
I'm not going to go there.
Actually this is something which you have to do.
My focus would be to understand me to understand the problem.
So here there are the four steps we're going to follow.
One is to understand the data then we will do the cleaning.
Back then we will do the preparation part.
Then we will build the model and evaluate it.
So let's look at the first part where we can explore and understand it.
So first we need to import these packages.
And we need to load this place of assignment which I've given to use us to solve it.
And then we can look at the information or we can see that this is all the data what we have we can
see though of basically the state of quickly this is the data of what we can see here.
Now let's try to understand the data dictionary.
So once you have done this you can see one part which is stumbling the one column albedo which the North
that minus two means less risky and plus three means more risky so the valuable billion or minus two
plus three.
So what we're going to do we will come back how many values are available here so we can do all that
you can for that and can see that there are basically zero.
Which is like neutral kind of back where they are 67 in above but minus 2 minus 1 is also having some
code.
Now Similarly you will see another variable called the suspension this is an internal combustion engine
are properties showing red and oxygen intake is through standard or through turbocharging.
So that is basically aspiration if you read through it and actually this detail is there.
So let's convert it to categorical because we have only two and we can call that standard or just like
168 in total and Turbo is like 37 in total.
Now let's do it for gravey and front wheel or for which we can see here that this is all the distribution
for Dr B is going to look like.
Now look at four wheel base.
Now for the base we have just done our distribution plot because again this is kind of a numeric value.
So when we do this you can see that most of the values are falling around 90.
Right so the middle are ninety two hundred.
This is falling more.
Similarly when I did it for code grade up and then the solution is going well.
We have done it for stroke also to see that where the maximum values are coming up.
And similar thing we have done it for compression ratio.
In fact you can see in compression ratio things are moving towards the right hand side as well.
Now we have done it for pricing also and you can see that most of the casings are around like ten thousand
cents on average.
So that's what of the pleasing maxim coming up.
Now let's do some data exploration now in order to before we are playing at ignition it's always better
to look at the correlation in on.
So maybe one thing we need to do is we need to look out first all the pneumatic and fluid balance because
definitely we cannot do the correlations or looking at the paper plot.
We cannot look at all that on the categorical data.
So we have to look at all these things from the numerical data.
So we will pull out only the floor an integer value and you will notice that there is there are two
columns like symbole right next door.
It is integer but we will treat it like a vertical because you have six values so you will not make
much inference if you treat your like Domanick.
So now what are you going to do.
We have dropped the simile and when we can also drop cards and remember we are dropping it from the
pneumatic ratable not from anything else.
So when we are done that now further to this we can draw up here plot.
So we are going to pay a lot for all the car pneumatics basically which are integer float and we can
see this.
If you want to again go ahead and try to see some nice literature it's very difficult for me to look
at it without a microscope because there are so much of fusion of multi-column to matter thing is maybe
we can look at the correlation metrics and the correlation although it will be difficult so let's draw
our heat map and this map tell you quite interesting thing which I have noted down below.
So fast as you can see the prize is highly are positively correlated with Beebe's Garland Garbett and
KOBRICK engine size horsepower.
Notice how all these ratable represent the size weight engine power of the car.
So definitely even if you think from your own personal experience these are the things that impact your
car racing and the same if you look at WCA and you will notice that there will be more closer to one.
That's the reason.
These are highly correlated.
Similarly if you look at the city MPG and highway mpg they basically it will be like minus 0.7 in this
match up with double glove.
So they are negatively correlated with the price.
This suggests that maybe the car is having a higher mileage rate they might be put in place so you can
think of like a middle class family.
Are they kind of prefer to go with Model-T and all that.
It's a.
Eat and drink.
If I'm talking about Indian market.
So the reason they do that because they look at the average are no more than us forward or anything
else so they don't bother about much.
Things that mileage Similarly you will notice some correlation among independent farmers like me.
Basically you will see that really based Karlan go with engine size.
They are all the measure of leg size by weight.
That's the reason they are all positively correlated.
Right now this is this becomes a very important factor and you cannot really ignore it because you have
to make sure that you do need to remove all those multicollinearity before you create a final model
for yourself.
This is a very important factor.